
Skills Summary
Clojure Programming
Wrote 30,000 lines of Clojure to support Get Bit Outdoors ERP system, aggregating data from 18 different silos and various formats into custom master database, verifying data integrity across 50K objects, generating reports, and coordinating complex CRUD operations to update system over different application API’s.
Developed custom “Real Time Inventory” integration, reducing customer service calls 70%.
Scripted browser with WebDriver to automate record updates on an internal web app that lacked an API. Scraped catalog data from vendor websites.
Built reactive ClojureScript Todo app with custom in-memory graph datastore and Firebase integration. 
Full Stack Web Development
Building responsive HTML/CSS designs using various templating frameworks. Created custom templating language that compiles to Handlebars.
Updated and managed BigCommerce e-commerce  website with 18K products and 60K visitors/mo, using REST API extensively.
Wrote Javascript to surface necessary product data, and upgrade issues in legacy theme UI code.
Scripted Photoshop and ImageMagick to produce image sets for complex holiday campaign product layouts.
Coded 300 email-ready HTML templates for newsletter campaigns that generated $100k/year revenue. 
Migrated production servers for 50% cost reduction
Experience
Software Developer, Get Bit Outdoors, Oviedo, FL 2019-Present
Using Clojure to implement solutions at all levels of the software stack.
Graphic Designer/Web Developer, TinyBoxer, TopRank Web, Orlando, FL  2010-2019
Developed on 30+ websites on a contract basis, programming front-end web views and display logic. Used leading web CMS platforms, designed data schemas, configured web servers, optimized view code for performance and SEO. Consulted clients on information design, created working wireframe prototypes, crafted and batch-processed media assets.
Painter, Orlando, FL 2007-Present
Created, exhibited, and sold classical modern paintings in watercolor, acrylic, and oil color. Created a Linseed oil refinement system and produced custom oil paint mediums that support "Old Master" texture and technique.
Graphic Designer, VGS Graphic Systems 2006-2007
Prepared graphic files for a large format Durst printer and a Zune plotter., scripting a process to generate variations on a design. Cut and manually prepared vinyl signs for installation.
IT Technician, BJM & Associates, Orlando, FL 2001-2005
Purchased, installed, and maintained PC applications, hardware, and network solutions for medium sized Engineering firm.
Education
New College, Sarasota, FL, 1997-2000